hello hello to everyone who is now
watching this video and it will be that
podcast girlfriends
and contest rules that you learn about
a little bit later Well all I
I know by myself I do not like to look for
long and boring videos
the day if the saint is bad and call it
podcast in general, I want to dump you
show combed clear also
thank this is small
thanks to all those who subscribed to
the channel has become on it now we love even
subscribes then put huskies and generally
leads an active life on my channel i
you fistic very strong was destroyed
a row of 500 subscribers is something
I will already begin my beginnings
wonderful arranged begins
notice so dowley take dudar yourself
ask permission if you can
take there was fit trawl-wali
really really nice thanks
great we in general i want to show words
my hairstyles understand
will you be attached to this house prusa
mendel
sky wishes
and now
silverstone
lands and last 0 topics in general it was
Knight with new hairstyles
and now go to the competition and my
the very first contest or to be in
the house that you will need to build up from
yourself and someone else in the form of donties
yes this picture is very ancient
I kind of wanted to do another contest
100 subscribers well I had a powerful day
Here is the ladder decided to do 500
Subscribers here at all let's tell
a little more detail about the rules in general
as you understand someone must be near
for example here you have mine
sis me understandable and that's it
drunk
Yes, and it is desirable that the hairstyle and in general
the fire itself did not resemble any pipe
manual bathhouses from the cartoon to your field
was original and unusual as well
here you should draw in a magnified
the form will fall Yudina
Yes, I decided that it would be his persecution
he really wants to be the day before
now and you praise you well
sing and decided sisters on the inset
symbolic since you are not yet
got up
in the corner you must and must stand
of yes i really do such a cleaning
oblique bangs and long braid to the side I
usually very rarely changing your nipples
because this hairstyle suits me
most of all it seems well, naturally
the rest is no mersenne to object like this
so I basically thought that if
you show the video your face and even
just a photo
manuscript
yourself then you further precision
extra points and just can
compare villas like to stupidly nyashka
ready to draw from me we even
if such hurt and ask from
which make almost such hairstyle you
I have a man of the year very similar
get a long man and a pigtail
side and tail here I took
completely in a pigtail so it was very
convenient to do here dissolved there already in
pigtail collect well and now the long-awaited
brought here we start with the waste of his place
for third place you get 5 likes 5
positive comments channel is signed
and also become my f.f. but that's all
only an opportunity and if he really
like that is, you fucking saw you
you will be at least eight years old
In general, you know how to communicate cool
say so funny here if you do not
be able to stand on the furniture further
second place you get 6 likes 6
positive comments my subscription
channel of course the ability to create on
ibiza and also something interesting in
overall you can make any wish and
I'll take a video well, for example in this
write in the comments made love
a video clip let's say yes and I have to year
execute it but if it will touch
my appearance toys type show salt
what else is not like that or ice dive hours
of our then I will not do
Immediately generally force something
norman first place you get everybody
like a all positive sand comments
on us the opportunity to become on ibiza and
also you get both pr and
video on desire for any wish and
to be able to participate in
this competition you must
signed well that 's all it was mine
podcast
also still contest rules in general I you
all very, very much love again
thanks for five stuffed the most
the best and of course if you haven't
subscribe subscribe and can also
write like and write a review
and will also get such a contest involved
absolutely everyone can
Well , good luck to all and all for now for now